tools/gcp/README.md, before:

# Experimenting on Google Cloud Platform

A few tools for making it slightly easier to run experiments on the Google Cloud Platform.

All steps here assume that the [Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/) has already been installed (for macOS this may be done via e.g. Homebrew: `brew cask install google-cloud-sdk`) and a project set up.

## Base image

We first create a base image with all needed software for future GCP instances running TensorFlow Encrypted. To that end we start with a template instance whos disk turns into the image.

Run the following to create the template instance
```shell
gcloud compute instances create tfe-template \
    --machine-type=n1-standard-4 \
    --image=ubuntu-minimal-1804-bionic-v20180814 \
    --image-project=ubuntu-os-cloud \
    --boot-disk-size=20GB
```
and this to afterwards install the needed software
```shell
gcloud compute ssh tfe-template < debian-install.sh
```

Then, to create the image, we run
```shell
gcloud compute instances stop tfe-template
gcloud compute images create tfe-image --source-disk tfe-template
```
and can optionally finally [delete the template instance](#cleaning-up) to save on cost.

With this image we can then easily create more instances with
```shell
gcloud compute instances create \
    INSTANCE_NAMES \
    --image tfe-image \
    --machine-type=n1-standard-4
```
or simply use the [`create`](./create) script.

### Cleaning up

To clean up the template instance and its disk we run
```shell
gcloud compute instances delete tfe-template --quiet
gcloud compute disks delete tfe-template --quiet
```
which can be done as soon as the image was been created without breaking anything.

If we wish to clean up fully the base image can also be deleted with
```shell
gcloud compute images delete tfe-image --quiet
```
If you encountered an error when creating the image tfe-image from the tfe-template, it's probably because you already had the image tfe-image created. For this reason you might have to run the command above as well.

Commit message:

add a note to run tools/gcp commands from that directory (#138)
You get to this README via a link from the root README, but it's not
immediately obvious that you should switch to this directory to run
the commands.

For example, if you stay in the root and try to follow along, you will
fail on the second command

`gcloud compute ssh tfe-template < debian-install.sh` because `debian-install.sh`
will not be found.

tools/gcp/README.md, after:

# Experimenting on Google Cloud Platform

A few tools for making it slightly easier to run experiments on the Google Cloud Platform.

All steps here assume that the [Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/) has already been installed (for macOS this may be done via e.g. Homebrew: `brew cask install google-cloud-sdk`) and a project set up.

It also assumes that you are running the commands from this directory (`cd tools/gcp/` from the project root.)

## Base image

We first create a base image with all needed software for future GCP instances running TensorFlow Encrypted. To that end we start with a template instance whos disk turns into the image.

Run the following to create the template instance
```shell
gcloud compute instances create tfe-template \
    --machine-type=n1-standard-4 \
    --image=ubuntu-minimal-1804-bionic-v20180814 \
    --image-project=ubuntu-os-cloud \
    --boot-disk-size=20GB
```
and this to afterwards install the needed software
```shell
gcloud compute ssh tfe-template < debian-install.sh
```

Then, to create the image, we run
```shell
gcloud compute instances stop tfe-template
gcloud compute images create tfe-image --source-disk tfe-template
```
and can optionally finally [delete the template instance](#cleaning-up) to save on cost.

With this image we can then easily create more instances with
```shell
gcloud compute instances create \
    INSTANCE_NAMES \
    --image tfe-image \
    --machine-type=n1-standard-4
```
or simply use the [`create`](./create) script.

### Cleaning up

To clean up the template instance and its disk we run
```shell
gcloud compute instances delete tfe-template --quiet
gcloud compute disks delete tfe-template --quiet
```
which can be done as soon as the image was been created without breaking anything.

If we wish to clean up fully the base image can also be deleted with
```shell
gcloud compute images delete tfe-image --quiet
```
If you encountered an error when creating the image tfe-image from the tfe-template, it's probably because you already had the image tfe-image created. For this reason you might have to run the command above as well.
